# Cypher Password Encryptor

A local password encryptor for personal use. Save all password in a locked encrypted Profile of your own and check them whenever you need them.

The project is written in python as it is for the most of it a cypher machine designed to encrypt login info of the users.

## Table of Contents

- **[Features](#Features)**
- **[Requirements](#Requirements)**
- **[How to Use](#How-to-use)**
- **[Demo Profile](#Demo-Profile)**
- **[Main Menu](#Main-Menu)**
- **[Conclusion](#Conclusion)**

## Features

- Store new credentionals and check the stored ones all from terminal;
- Create multiple profiles to save different sets of passwords;
- Add notes to the passes so you don't forget where they are from;
- Automated encryption profile based, meaning ecery user has his own encription key generated by the program.

## Requirements

For _Cypher P.E._ to work you need to have python installed in your operative system.

## How to Use

Depending on your OS you can execute the program using the following:

- Windows:

        py cype.py

- Mac \ Linux:

        python3 cype.py

To create a profile simply add a new username and password when launching the app.

If the user profile does not exist on the pc, it will be created. Otherwise, if the profile exists and the password its wrong, the program will quit.

## Demo Profile

You can try the program using the demo profile listed bellow:

    User: demoUser
    Password: p4s5.W0rd

To access just open the program and input the User and Password and you should be greeted with the Main Menu.

## Main Menu

In the menu you will be greeted with the following options:

- Add New Credentials
- View Saved Credentials
- Quit The Program

As described, you get the options to add or check the credentials to the current profile.

Note that this are only for the current profile and cant access or be accessed from any other profile that might be on the same computer.

## Conclusion

All said and done, with the Cypher Password Encryptor you should now be able to store your passwords in a safer way.
